fix: Ignore comment nodes in toBeEmptyDOMElement (#317)
testing-library/jest-dom: README.md

toBeEmptyDOMElement()
```

This allows you to assert whether an element has no visible content for the user.

> It ignores comments but will fail if the element contains whitespaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It ignores comments but will fail if the element contains white-space.
```
